Mention schema changes not supported on MySQL 5.x (#5226)
ClickHouse/clickhouse-docs: docs/integrations/data-ingestion/clickpipes/mysql/schema-changes.md

| Adding a new column (`ALTER TABLE ADD COLUMN ...`)                                  | Propagated automatically. The new column(s) will be populated for all rows replicated after the schema change                                                                         |
| Adding a new column with a default value (`ALTER TABLE ADD COLUMN ... DEFAULT ...`) | Propagated automatically. The new column(s) will be populated for all rows replicated after the schema change, but existing rows will not show the default value without a full table refresh |
| Dropping an existing column (`ALTER TABLE DROP COLUMN ...`)                         | Detected, but **not** propagated. The dropped column(s) will be populated with `NULL` for all rows replicated after the schema change                                                                |

> **Schema changes on MySQL 5.x are not supported**, as reliably tracking columns depends on `binlog_row_metadata` which was added in MySQL 8.0.

Reviewer: What behavior did we end up deciding on? Will we just error and require a re-sync, or ignore any schema changes?

> **Schema changes on MySQL 5.x are not supported**, as reliably tracking columns depends on `binlog_row_metadata` which was added in MySQL 8.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Schema changes are not supported for MySQL 5.7 and older versions**. Reliably tracking columns depends on on table metadata not available in the binlog prior to [MySQL 8.0.1](https://dev.mysql.com/blog-archive/more-metadata-is-written-into-binary-log/).
```
